>> Jen Kramer: Now that you've had
a little bit of practice with files and
folders, if you'd like
a little bit more practice,
I have a couple of worksheets for you.
If you take a look inside of the Web Tools
and Infrastructures folder, take a look
at the file called sitemap.pdf, this is
a series of questions that you can ask.
You are on one page of the website,
you want a link to another page on
the website, what is the relative path?
So if you are on the Contact
page on this website,
you can take a look at
the diagram here of the web page.
Here's the Contact page of the website
inside of this folder called About.
And you wanna link to board.html.
So you're at Contact,
you wanna link to board.html,
what you're gonna write in here for
that relative path is going to be what?
Simply board.html.
You may wind up having to put in some
dot dot slashes and jump up some levels,
you may need to put in some folder
paths to jump down some levels, but
basically you're gonna link
from one file to another.
Just write in the relevant path.
Don't worry about the hrefs or
the src's or any of that stuff,
just write the path
right there in the spot.
And we have an answer sheet here for
you as well.
That is the sitemap answers.pdf.
So you can check your answers and make
sure that you've got everything right.